coming gentlemen we've been expecting
you the riffraff have arrived yeah gears
didn't seem to mind this is the
what are you waiting for this ship could
explode any second I think I spotted
something important I can't leave
without it I'll meet you back at the
shadow
come on quark oh yeah we must leave now
not without quark you would have waited
for us
think good for him
wait
I well we are all very glad that you
made it back safely did you detect any
other craft leaving the star cruiser an
escape pod another shuttle maybe
anything
I'm sorry ratchet we heard the whole
thing over the comlink
you had no choice captain cork died a
hero
captain quark had so many wonderful
qualities I just don't know where to
begin such as oh they're okay he was
really tall and and he had a unique
fashion sense and he had a really big
chin with kind of a sort of a well you
know what shape well you know I think
I've grown down long enough I just heard
what happened I wanted to offer my
condolences to the team quark Schloss is
a true tragedy the man was a hero brave
honest kind and humbled to the core what
a load of bull captain cork may be gone
but his indomitable spirit of heroism
lives on in each of you I know the q4s
will make our fallen captain proud carry
on men
v came in the mail for quark if chapter
form the corn-fed comic series he want
you to have it thanks al you know this
could give us a clue about what
nefarious is gonna do next